Explains how to import ts files instead of js files (#1056)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/coding-standards/_index.md

Javascript files MUST follow the [Airbnb Javascript style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

> Starting on {{< minver v="1.7.8" >}}, you can run the linter like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting on {{< minver v="1.7.8" >}}, you can run the linter to help you comply with these coding standards:
```

Javascript files MUST follow the [Airbnb Javascript style guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

Starting on {{< minver v="1.7.8" >}}, you can run the linter like this:

```bash
npm run lint-fix
```

## TypeScript

> Starting on {{< minver v="1.7.9" >}}, most of `admin-dev/themes/new-theme/js` files have been migrated to TypeScript. This provide a better maintainability by using types on most of our classes and functions. 

Reviewer: This part should be done in a different PR
